C
 小卡
chassis。HDD（硬碟）。PCH（平台路徑控制器（英語：Platform Controller Hub，PCH）
retimer

subcard


HDD？SSD？傻傻分不清楚 初步介紹固態硬碟的儲存原理
https://www.computerdiy.com.tw/introduce-ssd/






# MPS (master production schedule 主生產規劃

- The MPS translates the customer demand (sales orders, PIR’s), into a build plan using planned orders in a true component scheduling environment. Using MPS helps avoid shortages, costly expediting, last minute scheduling, and inefficient allocation of resources. Working with MPS allows businesses to consolidate planned parts, produce master schedules and forecasts for any level of the Bill of Material (BOM) for any type of part.

-  using many variables as inputs the MPS will generate a set of outputs used for <font color="red">decision making </font>. Inputs may include 
    - forecast demand, 
    - production costs, 
    - inventory money, 
    - customer needs, 
    - inventory progress, 
    - supply, 
    - lot size, 
    - production lead time, 
    - capacity. 

- Inputs may be automatically generated by an ERP system that links a sales department with a production department. 
For instance, when the sales department records a sale, the forecast demand may be automatically shifted to meet the new demand. <font color="blue">Inputs may also be inputted manually from forecasts that have also been calculated manually. </font>
- <font color="blue">OOutputs may include amounts to be produced, staffing levels, quantity available to promise, and projected available balance.</font> utputs may be used to create a Material Requirements Planning (MRP) schedule.

## How an MPS works
- A master production schedule may be necessary for organizations to synchronize their operations and become more efficient. An effective MPS ultimately will:

    - Give production, planning, purchasing, and management the information to plan and control manufacturing
    - Tie overall business planning and forecasting to detail operations
    - Enable marketing to make legitimate delivery commitments to warehouses and customers
    - Increase the efficiency and accuracy of a company's manufacturing
    - Rough cut capacity planning

- MPS issues:
    - Width of the time bucket
    - Planning horizon
    - Rolling plan
    - Time fencing
    - Schedule freezing


# MRP (Material requirements planning)